Man... I like Keyakizaka46, but
I wonder if it would feel right if I joined them...
Everyone, did you know?
They apparently recruit for new members every summer.
Apparently they recruit around then.
I'd be great, don't you think?
I can dance,
and if I show my singing ability now,
I might be able to join my so adored Keyakizaka46!
So I thought, like, I should practice!
Like that!
this "dissonance"
I should practice,  like that.
Besides, I'm cute and you won't find anyone like me.
At the overflowing intersection, where will you go?
All wearing the same clothes, wearing the same expression
Walking with the crowd as though I am lost
What's making me hesitate to be different?
Those ahead turn to face you
and tell you to toe the line,
they preach the rules,
but their eyes are dead
You have the freedom to be you
don't be ruled by adults
if people like that give up at the start,
then why were we born at all?
If you have dreams, then sometimes you'll be lonely
You'll have to walk a lonely road
It won't start even if the whole world is the same,
Are you really fine with "yes"?
Silent Majority!
This decides it, right?
It was perfect? Yes! YES!